hey guys got here today showing you a
summit Search and Destroy gameplay /
commentary with the gold l96a1 today
going to be talking about black ops 2
and not gonna be talking about specific
details or what I want to be in the new
game or how I want sniping to me now
none of that because that's been done to
death people talking about that and you
know there's just every single piece of
leaked information elicit so many so
many different videos spam videos from
the community because they want to just
cover cover the info and give using
whatever but not going to be doing that
today today I want to talk about why in
my mind black ops 2 is sort of the last
hope of the call due to youtube /
commentating community and i don't mean
that in a melodramatic sense i don't
mean like Oh this game is bad you know
we're all gonna die is gonna be terrible
no no it's not what I mean but I mean
that if black ops 2 turns out to be as
disappointing at least to a lot of
people as modern warfare 3 was I feel
like it will lead to the slow death and
just the stagnation of the YouTube
community because I don't want to make
another community commentary but if you
look at everything now most part a lot
of people don't like modern warfare 3 I
know there's always people out there
there's people that leave comments on my
videos there's people that leave
comments and other videos saying oh you
know when black ops came out people were
saying all black ops is bad and they
started playing my normal fare too well
commentators for the most part played
black ops and enjoyed it a lot more than
they did modern warfare 3 for the most
part just from what I've seen in people
talking about games what kind of
different games people are uploading now
instead of call of duty it just feels
like a lot more people right now or not
worried about cod as much and that's
just because I guess they don't have as
much fun playing the game or they feel
that all the videos have become gameplay
elitist type and pretty much the only
people i can upload more for three of
the people i get crazy scores i don't
really know but there's a lot of people
going back to black ops a lot of people
uploading different games a lot more
than this time last year with black ops
you know this time last year people were
still playing black ops quite a bit at
least
commentators were and they were not
really going back to my offer to that
much so when I say black ops 2 will make
or break the call of duty youtube
commentating community i mean it that if
black ops 2 is not as good if it doesn't
if it doesn't have anything new in it if
it doesn't introduce new weapons and a
new new system then it's just not going
to be fun and eventually i feel like
less people won't want to watch call
duty videos unless people are going to
stay true to the series they're gonna go
after alternatives like battlefield 3
became a huge competitor to call duty
this past year and other games like
minecraft for xbox came out and more
people are playing that than ever so
that there's so much competition for
call of duty coming out now that I feel
that the next one has to be good you
know Mom warfare 3 felt similar to model
for two black ops did not feel similar
to wall at war black ops did not feel
similar to modern warfare 2 it felt
different and I still believe that game
developers can make games feel different
they can make call of duty games feel
different than the last few ones as
shown by black ops as shown by will that
war as shown by cod4 they can make the
games feel different and they commit
they can make the games more playable
you know just just adjusting the recoil
systems adjusting the range of the
weapons changing out the map so that
they have different play styles just so
many different things can be done and I
feel like really if they mess it up if
char messes up the next call of duty
game it is it's really not going to work
well and you know I like treyarch you
know they patch their glitches they pay
attention in their game they do make mac
packs and they charge a shit out of them
that's activision but truck seems to do
a lot more than then infinity war does
to be honest and that's uh that's a
subjective sort of opinion but my mind
track i I would trust traffic more in
making a new call of duty game where
they'd have to innovate and change it up
a little bit over infinity war just
because they've done it in the past and
I really am interested to see what the
new game plays like I hope even though
it's in the future it doesn't play like
the mono or a series i do hope it's
different it feels different and it is
quote/unquote difficult to play and you
don't die as fast as you do in current
games
but anyways guys that's more or less all
I'd to talk about this gameplay was uh
pretty quick actually it's five minutes
up at not that short not that long
either but some I hope you enjoyed this
video I I do thank you for watching your
ratings and your feedback on the last
couple of videos has been amazing so if
you did enjoy this video I would truly
appreciate it if you could drop it a
like and if you didn't then you don't
have to leave any rating or whatever or
you could dislike if you want no that's
fine too but thank you for watching
thank you for support leave your
comments in the description if you have
any feedback anything to say on this
topic I'd appreciate or I love reading
what you have to say your input so
anyways guys thank you for watching and
you know that's more or less it I hope
black ops 2 is good because in my mind
it'll make or break this commentating
community but thanks for watching bye